README.md, before:

# ExpressisVerbis

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.1.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Give an initial description of the project in README.md

README.md, after:

# Expressis Verbis

A simple web application that will help you to make your way in mastering languages. It serves as a dictionary which you can populate with word definitions and usage examples as you wish. So, you get the opportunity to collect several definitions of a word from different dictionaries or its usage examples from a range of sources (books, videos, social medias, and so on) in one single place.

## Technical Requirements

- Evergreen browser

- Support for (IndexedDB API)[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/IndexedDB_API] - Currently the application is designed to be installable and able to operate entirely off-line[^1]. Hence, your browser needs to support internal storage, which is IndexedDB.

[^1]: There is a need to launch a server (local or remote) only for installing purposes.

## Disclaimer

The application is still under development and has no release version. Please use it only to acquire a first impression and do not hold out much hope that the first release version will preserve your stored data.
